(Original Draft, 中文翻译在下方）

Most of the time, I try to arrange words in Chinese since most of my thoughts are presented in the form of Hanzi, not to be confused with Mandarin. They appear in the form of characters instead of pronunciation. However, this particular article has to be initially written in English since it is relevant to one topic I often neglect in my past writing, which is work. My working environment is and has been always built upon a pure English environment, not only the content of working, but also the non-work components, such as some corporate principles as seen in Severance. Additionally, some terms are originally adopted in English so to avoid being lost in translation and keep consistency, the comments will all be addressed in English for the first version. The following paragraphs are some ideas inspired by the show Severance and my argument of opposing onsite for office workers.

In the post pandemic era, most people continue to enjoy the benefits of working remotely but still I occasionally encounter this type of conversation debating about the benefit of returning to office. Common argument would be the separation of working and living environments. It is a valid point since certain people’s ability of concentration is indeed impacted by the setting of surroundings. The environment can make it easier for someone to enter a productive mode for working or studying. In that scenario, they tend to be more efficient at completing assigned tasks. 

Personally, I don’t feel the difference in productivity between different environments if the desk size and number of monitors meet the requirements. Nonetheless, as a person potentially being ADHD, I am more subject to being distracted by a new and versatile environment. However, the definition of productivity should be reconsidered. I always thought commuting is purely a waste of time if not necessary so I avoid them as much as possible. In this sense, commuting is not time efficient, not in terms of work, but in terms of life. I weigh more value on the overall productivity, instead of a single task. Again, this is from ADHD’s standpoints, who is incapable of concentrating on a daunting task for too long. In between works, other personal matters can be resolved. I wonder how many people can be exempted from checking social media at work. In a working environment, such small but necessary tasks cannot possibly fit in between. There is scientific proof of the marginal effect of continuous work. 10 hours of non-stop work would ruin the rest of your day while working in between at least can get some other things done.

Severance demonstrated an extreme case of separation of working and living as you cannot access your personal memory while working and vice versa. This is the true definition of work life separation as these two identities cannot even interact with each other. Therefore, there is no point of checking social media at work as you technically don’t know them when you are working. There is no incentive to slack off when none of the memory would go with you out of the office building. I think when people talk about work-life balance or separation, they are rejecting the place of work in their life. The show figuratively presented a concept of, people enslave part of themselves as a working machine to make money. When work dominates most of people’s lives, the meaning of productivity has been twisted. It only refers to something attached with practical purpose, like money, which is often present in the form of work.

Work-life balance is important. People need to do different things every day to avoid burnout. However, the separation is debatable. The idea, based on my observation, is a result of two misconceptions. First is work being viewed as personal slavery and people want to avoid the occurrence in their personal space. Second is work being viewed as the only meaningful thing in life and people only consider the productivity of work. These two ideas are aligned since the purpose of slaves is to profit their masters to the maximum. Personally, I embrace work as part of my life but I value other things which need to be productive as well. 

The world Severance created is terrifying and the separation is not humane from my perspective. In the real world, corporations use their so-called people's “principles” to reform employee’s identity, just like Catch-22, when people are used to some artificial rules as if they are the nature of the world. Being professional does not necessarily require a new identity, a separation of yourself. That is the message I read from Severance. “Your job needs you, not the other way around.” Work should not be slavery and work is not the only meaning of life. Work productivity is just merely bullshit and it is not the purpose of your life but a way of reshaping people’s minds. 

（中文翻译）

大多数时候，我尽量用中文来遣词造句，因为我的大部分想法都是以汉字的形式呈现的。请不要与普通话混淆， 它们以字符而不是发音的形式出现。 然而，这篇特定的文章的初稿必须使用英文写，因为它与我过去写作中经常忽略的一个主题相关，那就是工作。 我的工作环境一直是纯英文的，不仅是工作的内容，还有非工作的部分，比如《人生切割术》中所看到的一些公司原则。 另外，部分术语原为英文，为避免翻译丢失和保持一致性，第一版的评论将全部以英文表达。 以下几段是受节目人生切割术启发的一些想法以及我反对白领工人返回办公室的论点。

在后新冠时代，大多数人继续享受远程工作的好处，但我仍然偶尔会听到关于办公室工作的好处。 常见的争论是工作和生活环境的分离。 这确实是有道理的，因为某些人的注意力很容易受到周围环境的影响。 合适的环境可以使人更容易进入工作或学习的生产模式。 在那种情况下，他们往往会更有效率地完成被分配的任务。

就个人而言，如果办公桌尺寸和显示器数量满足要求，我不觉得不同环境会造成生产力差异。 尽管如此，作为一个可能患有多动症的人，我更容易被一个新的、多变的环境分散注意力。 然而，我认为应该重新考虑生产力的定义。 我一直尽可能避免通勤，因为我认为没有必要的通勤纯粹是浪费时间。从这个意义上说，通勤不够有效利用时间，不是说在工作方面，而是在生活方面。 我更看重整体生产力，而不是单一任务。 同样，这是从多动症的角度来看的，他们无法长时间专注于一项艰巨的任务。 在工作之间，可以（以及必须）解决其他个人问题。 我想知道有多少人可以在工作时完全不看社交媒体。 在工作环境中，一些小而必要的任务没有办法在工作的间隙中完成。 有科学证明持续工作的边际效应（逐渐降低）。 10 个小时的不间断工作会毁了你一天的剩余时间，而在（在家）间断的工作至少可以完成一些其他事情。

《人生切割术》展示了工作与生活分离的极端情况，当一个人无法在工作时访问您的个人记忆，反过来也是。 这是工作生活分离的真正定义，因为这两个身份甚至不能相互影响。 因此，在工作中检查社交媒体是没有意义的，因为理论上来说，您在工作时并不认识这些人。 当您离开办公楼时，您带不走任何记忆，所以没有任何摸鱼的动机。 我认为当人们谈论工作与生活的平衡或分离时，他们拒绝承认工作是生活的一部分。 该节目形象地提出了一个概念，工作是人们把自己的一部分当成机器奴役来作为赚钱的方式。 当工作占据了大部分人的生活时，生产力的意义就被扭曲了。 它仅指具有实际目的的东西，例如金钱，而这通常以工作的形式呈现。

工作与生活的平衡很重要。 人们需要每天做不同的事情以避免倦怠。 然而，分离是有争议的。 根据我的观察，这个想法是两个误解的结果。 首先是工作被视为个人奴役，人们希望避免工作打扰个人空间。 其次是工作被视为生活中唯一有意义的事情，人们只考虑工作的生产力。 这两个想法本质上是一样，因为奴隶的目的是最大限度地让他们的主人获利。 就个人而言，我将工作视为我生活的一部分，但我也重视其他需要提高生产力的事情。

《人生切割术》创造的世界是可怕的，分离在我看来是不人道的。 在现实世界中，企业利用他们所谓的“公司文化”来改造员工的身份，就像第二十二条军规一样，当人们习惯于一些人为的规则时，就好像他们是世界的本质一样。 作为一个专业的员工并不一定需要创造一个新的身份，创造自我分割，这是我从《人生切割术》那里读到的信息。 “你的工作需要你，而不是反过来。” 工作不应该是奴役，工作也不是人生的唯一意义。 工作效率对你个人来说就是狗屁，它不是你生活的目的，而是重塑人们思想的一种方式。

