The song started from some rainy nights in Shanghai in the summer of 2020.  The progression Aadd11, Asus4, and Amaj7 had been stuck in my head for a long time. In the few weeks of the summer, I enjoyed the time on the weekday night when I had the freedom to watch music videos on YouTube and played the guitar along with the sound of raindrop knocking on the windows and cloth hanging rod. Then I gradually got the idea of chord progression and a few lyrics of the chorus, like “Time and time I was wondering. Love comes fast and doesn't even last. Time and time I am still believing that someday, there will be someone.” One night, I discovered a note I had written two years ago while I was in California and I decided to complete the song that night. I rearranged the words into lyrics and wrote a bridge between previous progression as verse and new progression as chorus. It was raining the whole night and I finished the piece at around 4am and did a recording.

The lyrics pretty much included everything I wrote from California. I was sitting in a car and looking out of the window. There was sunlight reflected by an apartment building as I passed by from a nearby highway. Then I imagined what it felt like living up there and watching the running cars beneath. It was pre-covid time, I had a picture in my head of when someone finally got back from work on Friday and took a nap. When he woke up, he had nothing left in the fridge and just stood in front of the window. Everyone was up to something for Friday’s night, except for him. So he drove to some random fast food place next to the highway.

I found my few lines of lyrics fit the story perfectly so I added it to the end of the song and before that was just an adaptation of the story, or even just a few pictures that came into my mind that afternoon in San Diego.

Someone once told me that she felt extremely lonely and cold when she woke up from a nap in the dusk. The sunlight was winding down and the window glass turned iced cold. I do understand the scenario and sentiment she described but for me it is oddly aesthetic. For me, it is time to open the window and get some fresh air from sleep. Then I would light a cigarette and watch people flocking out of the office building. It is sad to be alone at that moment, to be honest, but the moment I feel like the world is unfolding beneath me. I can let my soul flood outside and just grab anyone in the street to have their life after work presented. There are millions of ways of living out there and millions of possibilities can burst into my mind.

I feel emotional eventually and I would play some Lo-Fi music in the background as I lean forward to the window. It was actually a routine when I was in primary school. My parents would have me overlooking from the balcony after school to adjust the focus of eyes. I would leave music on and think about random things. The moment is sad but I still want to capture that in the form I will never forget.